# FallingDigit-android

https://github.com/Djovi/files/blob/master/Screenshot_2016-02-28-04-48-55.png
Falling digits is a three much game Falling Digits the game of bubbles that "fall" sequentially. In those falling bubbles there are digits assign to each one. The player must choose 3 bubbles successively according to their numbers each time On the third choice the score of the player increase by one. On the gameplay time if the player let a least two bubbles fall onto the ground he will lose: Game Over Let us play!!! best of the match three games. It is not a zombie game or walking dead game but it is an exceptional one This is a kind of addictive game but first, it helps you grow your concentration and it works your intelligence. Like most of a candy video game, you feel so comfortable playing these games. It is like a Ninja game. You need to be clever and so smart to win. The crystals look like flowers when you didn't tap on them yet. Have fun. Quit seeing bad things, photo, images, videos or movies and films on you Android One or Oreo android phone. Yeah the exact game for my Android Nexus, Galaxie and other Android devices This lovely and mathematic's game is for you. Kids can have fun and learn maths by playing this game. This game is a kind of kids game. Instead of play some car games you can be playing this one to optimize your knowledge. The new app that you need is this one Have a lot of o fun time In the future, we aim to create some money betting functionality to it for adult users. So that you can earn or make money by playing this game. No temple, no run but all you do is to match 3 lovely crystals Love or hate music? This game has the best sound for you WILL YOU MAKE THE HIGHER SCORE TODAY TO SHAKE THE WEB? Try out!!!
